Fuyuhashi!
You don't want to be a killer, right?
You want to save people.
You escaped on your own.
Were you about to let him escape?
Hey, wait...
Goroku's orders are absolute.
[Reboot, Last Day]
Sorry, Fuyuhashi.
I disobeyed Mr. Goroku's orders.
Before she died...
Machi said she wanted the strength
to rebuild the world ourselves.
I'll lend you a hand.
Fuyuhashi...
Kiriya.
We're waging war against Mr. Goroku.
That's what I've been waiting to hear!
Should we start with this guy?
Please, spare me.
I'll do anything you say.
Mr. Kikuchi.
I deeply apologize for killing your men.
What?
I plan to seize the organization from Goroku.
But I can't manage its people alone.
I'd appreciate your assistance.
Do we even stand a chance?
Doesn't matter, you don't get a say in this.
Yes, of course.
Evening, Mr. Kikuchi.
Is the deed done?
Kikuchi spilled where the ten billion was.
If you want your money back,
keep your hands off of Natsumi.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I take it Fuyuhashi is with you?
I'm taking the organization for myself, sir.
I think of you as my own son.
You were already set to take my place.
Aim higher, Fuyuhashi.
It's not too late to come back.
Of course it is.
Not like I'd want to return anyway.
Put Natsumi on the line.
Or else your money's good as gone.
Hurry up.
Hello?
What was the weather like
when Takumi was born?
It was sunny.
You opened the window for us,
and there wasn't a single cloud in the sky.
Natsumi.
We're going back to him, together.
Fine.
I will trade you the money for her life.
I'm not offering a negotiation here.
You'll release Natsumi,
and leave the organization.
Like I could accept those terms.
That's an order.
Don't comply, and this money
will go straight to Mr. Ma.
I'll tell him all about your plans
with Yaichi Makita.
He would never believe a fake like you.
He will, if Kikuchi and I back his claim.
He'll come for your neck,
and your family.
Release Natsumi by 6AM
at the location we specify.
Then announce your retirement
from the organization.
Insolent brat...
Follow orders to protect the family.
That's the tried and true method, right?
Tamana. Send some men to guard my home.
- What?
- Hurry!
Yes, sir.
I apologize for the commotion, gentlemen.
Is something the matter?
Not at all. The deal will proceed as planned.
We're treading dangerous waters as is.
I'd rather we were informed of any risks.
Hayase has taken the ten billion yen.
Worry not, we will secure the money from him.
How so?
I will make it happen,
by any means necessary.
He has you backed to a wall.
Sir, please.
Not with us here.
Feel free to keep bluffing.
I'll have you buried under in no time.
You think I'm scared?
I have my husband now.
Your place has been secured, sir.
Gather our men.
We're securing negotiation material.
[Shelter]
Get in the car.
This way, everyone.
- Climb in.
- Hurry!
Squeeze up front.
Sorry, it'll be tight.
Three of you, come here.
Take care of them.
Yeah.
They stormed the place like we thought.
Should I go light 'em up?
No, not around Shelter.
Will the rest of your friends be alright?
We've already sent out a warning.
What about your family?
I can send some people over.
No need, the police are protecting them.
No one's here.
They had a read on us.
Is that so.
Then aim for our other option.
But sir, the risks...
I don't care. Do it.
Did you want some cocoa?
Thanks, but I'll pass.
I'll take the kids, and leave for a while.
I promise to protect them with my life.
Hey there. What's our status?
We're all clear, sir.
Is Gido around?
Hello?
This is Adachi.
I apologize for visiting so early.
May I have a bit of your time?
I'm terribly sorry. I only just woke up...
Ma'am, is Gido there with you?
He is not.
Have any other incidents occurred?
No.
Where else could Gido be?
Should we try visiting his place again?
Yeah, let's do that.
Why don't we wait for him here?
Riku Hayase will most certainly return.
How can you be so sure?
My detective's hunch says so.
Taku!
Grandma!
- Taku!
- Grandma!
Don't make a fuss.
Try anything, and the kid's dead.
Where's Natsumi?
I released her, as promised.
- What?
- But you see,
once she saw this,
she sprinted off in a mad dash.
I didn't want to get the child involved.
But emergencies
must be dealt with accordingly.
How'd you get inside?
We have an associate within the police.
He let them in through the second floor.
We told Natsumi if she made a report,
we'd burn the place down.
Takumi...
A mother's dedication to her child
is truly admirable.
Wait.
What a turn of events, eh?
Give me the money.
Heed my orders,
or your family goes up in flames.
His family's not my business.
- Fuyuhashi...
- Oh?
Betraying his trust already, I see.
What will you do, Hayase?
As is, Fuyuhashi will let your family die.
Give us a moment to talk.
Fine. But please keep it short.
Don't buy his threat.
Give him the money, and we're dead.
I know. Give me a moment to think.
Fuyuhashi.
Keep facing my way.
Makita, this is Hayase.
We stole Goroku's ten billion.
Now that's troubling to hear.
We need him to hand Yaichi the money
to arrest them both.
I know.
We'll return Goroku his money.
But we'll have Yaichi Makita join him.
That'll be your chance to get them.
That's quite the reckless plan.
Would Goroku really oblige?
He's got my family held hostage.
I'll make him drag Yaichi to the deal.
Inspector General Makita.
You want to catch that whale, right?
Well, this is your last chance.
Wager your bets on me.
When is the deal?
6PM tonight.
I'll make it happen in Arakawa City.
Tonight?
He'll kill my family,
I can't wait any longer.
Alright.
Can we really trust this Makita?
We don't have any other choice.
Fuyuhashi and I came to an agreement.
You'll get your money tonight.
6PM, Arakawa City.
Under one condition.
Yaichi Makita joins us for the deal.
You wouldn't kill us with him around, no?
I don't think he'd like to join us.
Then you'll convince him to.
Listen up.
If Yaichi doesn't show, we burn the money.
We'll compete for the bigger bonfire.
Try me.
I'm dead serious.
I can't agree to anything
knowing I'll only die.
Refuse our offer,
and Mr. Ma will deal with you.
Fine.
I will see you both tonight, at 6PM sharp.
Hello.
Did you hear of our deal?
Of course.
Unfortunately, we will have to oblige.
I will convince my brother
to join you tonight.
I was enjoying a nice meal with Hazuki.
What urgent business did you have?
The money is to be retrieved
at 6PM tonight.
I see.
Mr. Goroku sure is a fast worker.
He asks you to join him for the deal.
What?
Hayase refuses to return the money
if you are not present.
I can tell he's serious.
You really will lose the money.
You said he was a pâtissier?
To think such an ordinary man
is hindering my ambitions.
I understand I'm asking for much.
But we are all shouldering a risk.
- If you could consider...
- Of course I'll go.
Our citizens are counting on me.
They hope I'll guide us to greater heights.
For the sake of this nation,
I'll do what must be done.
This could be a trap laid by Hayase.
I have you, and Goroku as my allies.
I can't allow one man
to crush the dreams of this country.
This is Adachi, speaking.
Has anything changed since we last spoke?
No, not at all.
Shall I bring you a meal?
You haven't left the house in over a day.
We'll manage fine, thank you.
However, you are scaring my grandchild.
Could we keep communications to a minimum?
Understood. Our apologies, ma'am.
Didn't she seem a bit frightened?
Of course she's scared,
her grandson almost got kidnapped.
Hopefully they're not hiding Hayase in there.
Hayase doesn't realize we know his identity.
He has no reason to stay hidden from us.
How is my grandson?
Move, and the brat's a goner.
Mrs. Ryoko.
Answer in a whisper.
Where is Takumi?
He's in the room next to the living room.
Please cut my tape.
I'll go save him.
No moving, grannie!
It's reckless to go alone.
I'll do what has to be done.
We mustn't be rash.
Hayase's are known for their tenacity.
Still...
Don't worry.
Riku will come.
My son, he...
He changed his entire face
so he could survive.
His determination is admirable.
I admit, he proved me wrong.
Your husband...
is more reliable than I thought.
I see.
It really is you.
Isn't it, Natsumi?
I had my suspicions
from the way you watched Takumi.
Once I realized Riku changed his face,
I knew.
Of course you would risk everything
for Takumi.
The reason you were pushed down the stairs...
is all my fault, Mother.
I'm so, so sorry.
Then I suppose I'll have you look after me
for years to come.
Natsumi.
I'm so thankful you're alive.
I truly am, dear.
Gosh, we can't be a crying mess.
We have to stay strong, and protect Taku.
Yes.
I'm sure Riku will come for us, too.
Stop.
Let me see the money.
Where's Yaichi Makita?
So you must be Hayase.
What you've stolen is not simply "money".
Now return to me the future of this nation.
It's all here, sir.
Those bills are the real deal.
Go on, Mr. Yaichi Makita.
It's all yours.
It seems you're waiting
for the police to step in.
But that won't be happening.
No, allow me to rephrase.
One officer will join us.
He is my strongest ally.
Hey there, Inspector Gido.
Makita...
Drop the gun.
Or your family is done for.
Aoi...
I'm sorry. We got caught.
I must commend your efforts, you two.
Allow me to treat you to one last meal.
There's an exit out back.
Kiriya, my place. Hurry!
Freeze! Police!
- Freeze!
- Secure him.
Great work, Hijikata.
You too, sir.
We've finally captured our whale.
That, we have.
What's going on?
Simply put, I was your enemy.
Hayase helped me secure the evidence needed
to arrest the politician, Yaichi Makita.
He'll kill my family,
I can't wait any longer.
Alright. I'll send in
our Second Investigation Team.
They'll enter with a stun grenade,
so close your eyes on my signal.
Makita, what about my family?
There's still a spy here.
I'd rather not say much.
I'll prepare you an escape route.
Take Goroku, and leave the scene.
Why did you betray me?
You started this betrayal.
12 years ago.
My wife's hit-and-run.
The one truly in the driver's seat
was you, was it not?
My wife chose to take the blame for you,
knowing it would affect my career.
Her love for you triumphed
anything she felt for me.
I know your relationship
continues to this day.
Still,
an affair is no crime.
It's not punishable by the law.
So I spent my sweet time,
carefully waiting for this day to come.
You...
My dear brother.
I've always despised you.
Yaichi Makita.
You are under arrest for engaging in bribery.
What an absurd revenge scheme.
My career is far from over.
I won't let it end here.
Japan needs Yaichi Makita for its future.
Call your men, and have them free my family.
Hurry.
I don't know their number.
Tamana hired them.
Kiriya, gun it.
You're too late.
They're to burn the place down at 6:05PM.
- Hello?
- Adachi! Where are you?
In front of Hayase Patisserie.
- Barge in, now!
- What?
They're gonna kill my family! Hurry!
You're trusting a criminal?
- Alright.
- Ready?
Please, let my grandson go!
Shut it, grannie.
Mother!
There's one in the kitchen!
Bitch!
Yikes.
Teramoto, call for back up.
Sorry, orders are orders.
I can't believe it.
You really were the spy.
Why are you helping Goroku?
What? I'm just doing a part-time gig.
Blame my gambling addiction for that.
Anyway, these jobs were texted to me.
I've got no idea who the client is.
Riku!
Let go!
You're a fake after all!
Then what does that make you, Teramoto?
What?
You're worse than a fake, you traitor!
Sir!
Adachi. Deal with him.
Right.
Riku! Takumi!
- Takumi is...
- Takumi?
Takumi!
Takumi.
You alright, Takumi?
Takumi!
Takumi?
You're alright, bud.
- Nothing hurts?
- No.
Then we'll check your eyes, next.
Please tell me if you feel any pain.
I worked as Goroku's treasurer.
I know everything about this incident.
I will confess all of my wrongdoings.
Are you Riku Hayase?
Yes, sir.
I am Riku Hayase.
- Dad!
- Taku...
Don't worry, kiddo. I'll be back.
Let's make a Hayase Shortcake
when I'm home, alright?
Chief Mikami, I must ask a favor.
Quiet.
Please, let her meet her sister.
Her sister doesn't have long to live.
- Sir, please.
- Enough!
You damn fake.
Ms. Adachi, please.
She did all this for her sister's sake.
Her sister is hospitalized
at Meikan University Hospital.
Please, at least let her say goodbye.
Don't dawdle.
- Adachi, please!
- Move it, Hayase!
Get in.
I received an order from Chief Mikami.
He asks that we stop by
Meikan University Hospital.
You don't need to lie.
I'm already headed there.
You're...
My boss's orders.
You surprised me.
Ayaka.
I won't be able to see you for a while.
A laywer will come to visit you.
Listen to what they say, okay?
I...
I will always love you.
You don't have to lie anymore.
Did you think I wouldn't catch on?
I know you aren't my sister.
But I couldn't say anything.
You were practically my lifeline.
I was scared you would leave me, too.
My sister was tired of caring for me.
She left me, didn't she?
She must have hired you to...
No.
No, no.
Your sister treasured you with all her heart.
Ichika wanted to save you.
She put her life on the line, all for you.
So promise me this. You have to live.
You have to.
You can't ever give up, okay?
Ichika.
Thank you for staying with me.
I'm the one who's grateful, Ayaka.
I lost my entire family.
But you were my ray of light in the dark.
Thank you.
I'll focus my efforts on Shelter.
Kikuchi will lead the organization.
Fuyuhashi is only using you,
Kikuchi.
Now, now. No need to be a sore loser.
Have one more delicious meal for the road.
Courtesy of me, of course.
Money is an infinite resource.
It has become nothing more than a symbol.
It's practically worthless as is.
What matters more, is how you use it.
I wanted to use money to change this country.
To change our future.
Think of it as a revolution of sorts.
Fuyuhashi.
What will you use this organization for?
I'll use it to save homeless kids in need.
You're thinking too small.
You won't change a thing.
I will.
Now I understand.
You can talk big, and let money
and politics rule you all you want.
But those desperate to protect
their immediate family are way stronger.
I'll find more of my family out there,
and change this world for the better.
Eat up while it's hot.
Start by improving your cooking skills.
Thank you, sir.
Fuyuhashi!
- You bastard!
- Eisuke Kikuchi.
You're under arrest for your involvement
in organized crime.
No, I...
To stick the nail in Yaichi Makita's coffin,
we require your testimony.
If I don't cooperate,
Yaichi Makita will slip through your fingers.
His survival could allow me
to return to the limelight.
If you choose to assist us
by confessing to your crimes,
we will drive off the Hong Kong organization.
Meaning?
The Japanese police will pressure them
into leaving your family alone.
This is the only way
you can guarantee your family's safety.
Survive to revolutionize this country,
or accept the punishment awaiting you,
and save your family.
The choice is yours.
My family.
Please, save my family.
That should be enough pancakes for everyone.
You made way too many.
Kiriya. Do I suck at cooking?
Yeah, you do.
Shut up.
Then don't ask.
I leave them to you, Kiriya.
What're you talking about?
I'll be caught soon enough.
I'll say I did all the dirty work.
You might face a couple years, too.
But after you're out...
protect Shelter with Aoi.
I'll turn myself in,
and say I was behind everything.
Why do you think I stuck by your side?
Don't you dare.
If I hadn't met you, I'd be long dead.
You saved us all.
Who else would we save, but you?
Please grant Machi's dream for us.
Kiriya, I can't run forever.
Yes, you can.
Use that method.
The Kaisei Party
[3 weeks later]
has withdrawn from elections.
Yaichi Makita, the Kaisei Party candidate,
was arrested for using illegal capital
to fund his campaign and career.
[Yaichi Makita steps down as candidate]
- See you later.
- Careful now.
I'll be late tonight, so reheat dinner, okay?
- Okay!
- Take care, dear.
[Divorce Forms]
I'll be transferred to Niigata next month.
I suppose our current administration
put in a word for me.
Despite everything, life goes on.
Money and politics still rule the world.
Why are you telling me all this?
I suppose I'm just airing out my losses.
I wanted to prove to the world
that there was more to life
than making your family happy.
I wonder what it truly means to be happy?
Dessert always puts a smile on a face.
Stop by for a slice of cake sometime.
If I ever feel up to it.
Well then.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Riku Hayase.
[Live: The Police Replacement Incident]
The innocent Riku Hayase,
now with a changed face,
has just returned home.
Reporters are absolutely crowding him.
Though he will be on house arrest,
many citizens are pleading
for his penalty to be reduced.
Judges will make their final decision
in the coming days.
Thanks for holding up the fort, Takumi.
I'm home.
Your dad's finally home.
Welcome home.
I'm back.
This is what he left behind for you.
We also found your husband
had rented a safe in Chiba.
Within it, was 52 million yen in cash.
That money...
It couldn't have come from legal sources.
We have no way of knowing.
Either way, it is your inheritance.
Then please, give that money to the Hayase's.
They have suffered the most.
Truth be told, Natsumi Hayase's lawyer
hoped to see you for this very reason.
Who donated the 52 million yen?
They wish to remain anonymous.
For now, let's focus on your own recovery.
Right.
I have a favor to ask of you, Mr. Kaieda.
Another one?
If something ever happens to me,
please save my sister, Ayaka.
[Riku Hayase, 3 years detention]
[5 years suspended sentence]
[5 years, 8 months later]
Thank you.
Natsumi Hayase?
Who are you?
I'm Machimura, from the NPO known as Shelter.
I've come to get you.
I've heard the rumors.
You refused your family's visitations.
I guess you'd only trouble them,
being a criminal and all.
Would you like to come help out at Shelter?
You might find a new family there.
If you're so lost, why not just hop in?
Hey, wait.
This is your home.
That's none of your business.
You forgot this.
Fuyuhashi?
Quit running.
Machi and I never had a proper "family".
But you do.
You dedicated your life to your family.
You stayed alive for them.
Go.
Your family's waiting.
Welcome.
I made this.
I got better, right?
Takumi.
[Welcome home, Mom]
Welcome home, Mom.
Welcome home, Natsumi.
Welcome home.
I'm home.
[Welcome home, Mom]
Thank you.
It's delicious.
Guess we should all dig in.
Yeah.
Bon appétit.
[Hayase Family]
[Hayase Family, Reboot - Day 1]
I changed my face. I lost my family!
I vowed to protect you for getting involved.
Welcome home.